# SaukSediment
A beta version of a computational network-based sediment model was developed in order to connect processes of sediment supply on hillslopes, routing in streams, and deposition in reservoirs. The sediment model is developed in a framework called Landlab and driven by a physically-based, distributed hydrology model called DHSVM. The coupled sediment-hydrology model is designed to integrate relevant temporal and spatial scales of hillslope geomorphology, hydroclimatology and river network processes along with answering questions that are relevant to engineering application. The coupled model framework is designed to be applicable in other global watersheds, and could be useful for predicting sediment budgets particularly in the face of environmental and land use/land cover changes.

The information, data, or work presented herein was funded in part by the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE), U.S. Department of Energy, under Award Number DE-EE0006506 and the Hydro Research Foundation. Neither the United States Government nor any agency thereof, nor any of their employees, makes and warranty, express or implied, or assumes and legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.  Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the United States Government or any agency thereof.  The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government or any agency thereof.  
